# Document properties

### About document properties

The document properties contain basic metadata about the song/tab you are editing. Many features in QuickTabs use the info you set in the document properties and behave according to it.

### Song name

This is simply the title of the song. The only thing this affects is the title generated by the `Include cover` option in `File->Print`, as well as the `Include name` option in `File->Export plain text`.

### BPM

This is the tempo of the song in beats per minute. This will change how fast the player moves through steps and change the tempo of the metronome. You may enter a number or use the `Tap` button below to detect a tempo. Tap tempo updates the BPM every time you click through a full measure (4 times if the time signature is set to 4/4). Tap tempo expects you to click once per beat, on the beat, just like a metronome.

### Time signature

The time signature of the song. May only be set if the tab is empty. This will change the length of the measures on the editor, behavior of the metronome, and the behavior of tap tempo.

### Tuning

Tuning of the tab. This will set how many strings there are on the editor and fretboard, and the base notes of each string for the player. There is a list of 4 common tunings to select from using the `Presets` button, but you can also manually edit the tuning. To edit a string's note on the tuning picker, click on it and start typing a new note (ex: `c#3`). Use the plus and minus buttons on each side of the notes to add or remove string. The tuning picker keeps track of which sides you add and remove strings from and clips/shifts the tab notes accordingly.